[CHANGELOG] Prepare v5.0.0-alpha.14 (#23228)
mui-org/material-ui: CHANGELOG.md

### [Versions](https://material-ui.com/versions/)

## 5.0.0-alpha.14

###### _Oct 23 2020_

Big thanks to the 23 contributors who made this release possible.
Here are some highlights ✨:

- 💄 Introduce a new `sx` prop (#23053, #23205) @mnajdova
  We have resumed the work on Material-UI System. This is made possible by the latest progress on the new styling solution of v5.
  You can read the [introduction blog post](https://medium.com/material-ui/introducing-material-ui-design-system-93e921beb8df) that we did for the system two years ago.

  The system is meant to solve the following problems:

  1. Naming things is hard. How should a class name, JSS style rule, or styled component be named?
  2. Jumping between JS and CSS in the editor wastes time. This is particularly true as the complexity (LOCs/# of elements) of a component increases. It's still true when using the `styled()` API.

>   3. Introducing a `makeStyles` for the first time in a component is daunting. For instance, it's why https://github.com/vscodeshift/material-ui-codemorphs#add-usestyles-hook exists. What if we had less code to type, ganing velocity when writing styles?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  3. Introducing a `makeStyles` for the first time in a component is daunting. For example, it's why https://github.com/vscodeshift/material-ui-codemorphs#add-usestyles-hook exists. What if we had less code to type, gaining velocity when writing styles?
```

  4. Pulling values out from the theme can be cumbersome. How can we make it less painful to increase the usage of design tokens?

>   This new iteration on the system brings two major improvements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This new iteration of the system brings two major improvements:
```

  - It moves from the support of a subset of CSS to the support of a superset of CSS.

>     Learning the shortands is optional. It's no longer necessary to moving back to styled() when the system doesn't support a specific CSS property.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Learning the shorthand is optional. It's no longer necessary to moving back to styled() when the system doesn't support a specific CSS property.
```

>   - It moves from the support on the Box only to any core component (starting with the slider).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - It moves from support on Box only to any core component (starting with the slider).
```

    ```jsx
    import Slider from '@material-ui/lab/SliderStyled';

    // Set the primary color and a vertical margin of 16px on desktop.
    <Slider sx={{ color: 'primary.main', my: { xs: 0, md: 2 } }} />;
    ```

- ✨ Upgrade Popper.js from v1 to v2 (#21761) @joshwooding
  The change reduces the bundle size (-1 kB gzipped) while fixing bugs at the same time.

- 🐛 Fix broken nested imports with the icons package (#23157) @eps1lon
  The revamp of the bundling strategy in #22814 has broken the nested imports.

>   For instance, the import bellow below should work again with this release:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Imports such as the one below should work again with this release:
```
